-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Information Retrieval Test Collections -- \DOWN\IRCOLLS

These information retrieval test collections are described in various
books, articles, and technical reports from universities or research 
laboratories around the world.  Only the most popular test collections 
that I am familiar with and have been able to obtain are included.

Collections include: adi (American Documentation Inst. set of 82
documents, primarily useful for debugging programs), cacm (collection
from CACM, used with permission of ACM), cisi (collection of highly
cited articles identified by ISI, cran (articles in aeronautics from
Cranfield experiments), med (1033 medical articles), npl (from British 
National Physics Library), lisa (in separate directory, from University of 
Shaffield, UK), rird (in separate directory, from Rutgers Univ.) and 
time (also in a separate directory, from University of Massachusetts,
but originally from Cornell Univ.).

In most cases, the collections include the original text of the
documents considered (in *.all) and of interest statements (in *.qry).
However, in the "npl" case only document vectors (npl.dvr) and query
vectors (npl.qvr), in relational form, are included.  Boolean queries
are present in some cases (in *.bln) and if there are 2 versions they
have suffixes bl1 and bl2.  Relevance judgements in relational form
are in *.rel.

"crandh.rel" is a revised version of the Cranfield relevance judgments
provided by Donna Harman.  See the discussion in "cranread.me".

"cacm.db0" is an extended version of the CACM document collection
provided by Robert Korfhage; the earlier version used at Cornell and
other sites is in "cacm.all".  Note that the field marked by ".X" is
used to give citation related information.

The LISA, RIRD, and TIME directories have readme files describing their
organization and that of any subdirectories present.

The NPL collection is discussed in:
  British Library R&D Report No. 5587, New Models in Probabilistic
  Information Retrieval, C.J.van Rijsbergen, S.E. Robertson, M.F. Porter,
  Univ. of Cambridge, 1980
"The original data for this came from the National Physical Laboratory
where, in the sixties, Vaswani and Cameron had created a machine
readable set of abstracts, queries and relevance assessments.  The
original data and some of the problems it presented in processing are
described in Chapter 1.  ..."  A letter from Professor Keith Van
Rijsbergen indicates that the collection was built by him with the
assistance of a research assistant at Cambridge, with British Library
funding.

Contact: Dr. Edward A. Fox, VPI&SU.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
